README.md, before:

# "Rock, Scissors, Paper" Telegram bot in python
<img src="https://avatars.mds.yandex.net/get-dialogs/758954/2fa17e69fbe35a68007f/orig"  width="100" height="100">

A simple bot for playing "stone, scissors,
paper" on the Telegram platform, written by
in **[python](https://www.python.org/)**
using **[aiogram3](https://docs.aiogram.dev/en/dev-3.x/install.html)** library.
___

## Installation and startup
1. Go to the official Python website(**[click](https://www.python.org/**)**) and download the latest version. 

    Download and install. When installing, **be sure to check "Add Python to path "**.


2. Copy or download the project code, then in the file `.env.example` insert your token obtained from [BotFather](https://t.me/BotFather) in telegram,
   **insert the token without spaces**.

   **Afterwards be sure to change the file name `.env.example` to `.env`!**


3.  Next, you need to install the necessary libraries, to do this open the console and enter the following commands in turn:
   
   ```
   pip install --upgrade pip
   ```
   ```
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```
   
   Since the bot is written in aiogram3, and this is still a beta version of the library, it must be installed with a special command ([read more here](https://docs.aiogram.dev/en/dev-3.x/install.html))
   ```
   pip install -U --pre aiogram
   ```


4. After installing all the libraries run the file `bot.py` and the bot goes online! :tada:
___
### contact me: 
[![telegram](https://github.com/shihkebab/shihkebab/blob/master/assets/tg/telegram.png)](https://t.me/shihkebab)
[![lolzteam](https://github.com/shihkebab/shihkebab/blob/master/assets/lolz/LolzTeam-Logo-Green.png)](https://zelenka.guru/shkbab)

Commit message:

Changed installation guide, small changes in design

README.md, after:

# "Rock, Scissors, Paper" Telegram bot in python
<img src="https://avatars.mds.yandex.net/get-dialogs/758954/2fa17e69fbe35a68007f/orig"  width="100" height="100">

A simple bot for playing "stone, scissors,
paper" on the Telegram platform, written by
in **[python](https://www.python.org/)**
using **[aiogram3](https://docs.aiogram.dev/en/dev-3.x/install.html)** library.
___

## Installation and startup
### 1.
Go to the official Python website(**[click](https://www.python.org/**)**) and download the latest version. 

Download and install. When installing, **be sure to check "Add Python to path "**.


### 2.
Copy or download the project code, then in the file `.env.example` insert your token obtained from [BotFather](https://t.me/BotFather) in telegram,
**insert the token without spaces**. <br>
**Afterwards be sure to change the file name `.env.example` to `.env`!**


### 3.
Next, you need to install the necessary libraries. Since the library aiogram3 is still in beta, there **may be problems with its installation**.
So if you can't install all dependencies with the command `pip install -r requirements.txt`, just **enter the following commands one by one**:
  
   ```
   pip install --upgrade pip
   ```
   ```
   pip install environs
   ```
   ```
   pip install -U --pre aiogram
   ```


### 4.    
 After installing all the libraries run the file `bot.py` and the bot goes online! :tada:
___
### contact me: 
[![telegram](https://github.com/shihkebab/shihkebab/blob/master/assets/tg/telegram.png)](https://t.me/shihkebab)
[![lolzteam](https://github.com/shihkebab/shihkebab/blob/master/assets/lolz/LolzTeam-Logo-Green.png)](https://zelenka.guru/shkbab)
